Note to use develop branch when building (#103)
NUbots/NUbook: src/book/03-guides/02-tools/03-webots.mdx

## Install Webots

> To install Webots, use the instructions on the [Webots GitHub repository](https://github.com/cyberbotics/webots/wiki/Linux-installation). Make sure to check-out `develop` branch. Follow these instructions inside Ubuntu (WSL) if you are a Windows user. See the previous section on how to set this up. The optional dependencies are not required. Note that you must clone the Webots directory into your home folder. To move to your home folder, run `cd ~`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To install Webots, use the instructions on the [Webots GitHub repository](https://github.com/cyberbotics/webots/wiki/Linux-installation). Make sure to checkout the `develop` branch. Follow these instructions inside Ubuntu (WSL) if you are a Windows user. See the previous section on how to set this up. The optional dependencies are not required. Note that you must clone the Webots directory into your home folder. To move to your home folder, run `cd ~`.
```
